# Toy Example
This directory contains a bunch of files related to a simple Python SSE plugin for Qlik Sense. The original plugin was published 
by Tobias Lindulf (Qlik) on the [Qlik OSS git repo](https://github.com/qlik-oss/server-side-extension/tree/master/examples/python/ColumnOperations).
I made some modifications to his code - like removing support for script evaluation - to make it easier to explain the points around
writing the custom functions.

## Plugin Capabilities
The Python plugin implements two custom functions:
1. **SumOfRows**, which performs a simple summation across both values in each row of a table (only supports two columns as inputs) 
2. **SumOfColumn**, which performs a simple summation along the elements within a column.

## Files
### Column_Example.qvf
This is a modified version of the Qlik Sense application posted by Tobias Lindulf in the same location as mentioned above. This 
application has been modified to support only the implementation of custom functions (and not script evaluation).

### ExtensionService_column.py
This is the main body of the plugin. It is where the custom function logic is implemented.

### FuncDefs_column.json
This file contains the metadata around the custom functions that are implemented in the ExtensionService_column.py file.

### logger.config
This is a configuration file that defines how and where the interaction with the plugin service will 
get logged (to disk as well as on the console).

### ServerSideExtension_pb2.py
This was generated by the Protocol Buffer compiler. It generated the data access classes in Python that are used to receive
and send data to Qlik. It is used in the ExtensionService_column.py script.
